Hello dear friends, we continue
play battlefield 3
if not the price of max valerchik continue
have fun cool map guys but
I really like
cool capture mode we need
to capture
the points blow them up next you have to do
contribution you need to defend the point down
command them to seize and blow up
now just guys a lot of problems with 4
approach I already on every Nikita says
Well, you never know someone did not watch the video here
servers lacquered
I often throw out China glitches incomprehensible
promise and soon patches and then we will be
to sit in your glory, I will buy 4
licensed magicians here and we will all this
the thing we write down character is x1 guys
Centavo 4 I didn’t pass right away
started to pass
play multiplayer then what principle
I bought a shawl for the sake of multiplayer
want to join you don't run gone
Well, in short, bend us to the full
so a special move and better run
right through
book she run somewhere and there I already
I will fight begi begi begi
for I have already fully roll
Well, at least there will be eating
and so let's try all the same
Sniper try and what if we have something
it is unlikely we will win a pancake here
you defend and of course now I know 1
take and again but did we bummer eat
bushes killed achivku 100 credits from
water
Yes
understandably
let me live ours at least were
I'm guarded
it is bad keeping it essentially i'm not
go off successfully it is worth going to me then
half a pack when suppressing the most important thing
that got him a little not studying
fall and I hit and not less horse
survive survive
shelling crouched
or went to the magnetic moment until I remove
here is next I do not kill gives died muscles
i go shoot these guys kind
hit and 50b on the running squad
too fast - firing sniper -in-law
Lech how do you use
I'm generally against you guys
now come and here
and another knife worst so something like 6
now really another snapper let the world
fun played i won it
learn a little of the railing so keeps coming
for the time one lech 91 and this is to protect
and what are these snipers by the way and you are not
suck me a little I have with this AIF
few
damn and I'll try to pump up snipers
try sniper high